= Acts As Paranoid Versioned

Acts As Paranoid Versioned lets you have your versioned records in the same table as your original records.
It assumed there is a started_at and ended_at column in your database table.

Each new record has a started_at date set. When you destroy a record, its end_date is set.
When you update one of the fields specified as triggers, the end date on the current record is set, and another record is created with the new data for the specified fields and an empty end_date.

Every record that has a non nil ended_at date will not show up by default. Mocking the paranoid deleted_at behaviour.

This gem might be useful for anything like tasks time tracking, or anything that requires started_at and ended_at dates.

== Install

As a gem :

gem install acts_as_paranoid_versioned

Or as a plugin :

script/plugin install git://github.com/belighted/acts_as_paranoid_versioned.git

== Usage

  Class Worker < ActiveRecord::Base
    acts_as_paranoid_versioned :triggered_by => [:state]
  end

Means that each time the state is updated, a new record is created and the previous record's ended_at date is filled.
That way, we can track how much time a Worker has been on any specified state.

You can also set multiple fields in the triggered_by array.
See test case in spec folder for more details.

== License

Copyright (c) 2010 Belighted

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.